{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 If you know the enemy and know yourself, your victory will not stand in doubt; if you know Heaven and Earth, you may make your victory complete\par
-Sun Tzu, the art of war\par
\par
    It was war. whether righteous or civil, he didn't care, for at the front of both is the undeniable reality that is war.\par
    Sides don't matter, lumbering behemoths of steel and striking terror from the sky can't take away from war's glory, he thought.\par
\par
    He glanced out from his post. The fantastically morbid scenery glared back at him. Broken buildings, wrecks of mar-machines, sprawling bodies littered with pointless debris, all illuminated from the constant fires of carnage in their flickering demonic glow.\par
    He stared in rapture at the destruction. This is power, he thought. Change. Force. Destroy. Then a nagging thought hit him. But isn't this all an epic fulfillment of animalistic nature? a need to force one's way of life on another?\par
    It doesn't matter, he reassured himself. rationale is just hiding the glory of the act.\par
    An explosion mutely sounded from above. He paid it no attention. It was expected, just air support after all...\par
    Again he looked out on the plains of death. The main assault extended below him. More damned tanks, and behind them, more damned people.\par
\par
    Why couldn't they understand? fighting is pointless. Obviously, our god had decreed that they were the true owners of the planet, why was that such an inconceivable concept? A feeling of uncertainty...\par
    Wrong, he knew...\par
    On some level or another, he truly shone through the clouds of propaganda surrounding his brain.  He knew that there was no god per-se, at least not any that acted like the great priests said they did.\par
    However,\par
    There was something almost as strong: war.\par
    \par
    He had learned this early on. He had defeated his fear, one of many useless emotions, for they had no place on the battle field. One by one he had indoctrinated himself until only anger was left. Or so he thought.\par
\par
    He mind sprang back to the former idea, almost with a life of its own. WAR it screamed. Yes, war...he thought. The idea, the concept, known to all, dreaded by most, why? war is almost a universal constant!\par
    He could understand war, he knew, but he could not understand his enemies.\par
\par
    He had grown up in this "Hell-hole", as most people called it. He never had know peace, nor friendship. Selected from an early age, his mentors recognised his uses and abilities and trained him accordingly.\par
\par
    The century old conflict was renewed and personified by people like himself, people with no morals, with no sense of right or wrong. Then again, anyone with any scrap of intelligence had fled the planet long ago. The only people here were the condemned. Every person has a reason: revenge, hate, madness, or even inability to leave. The end result was a continuation of the war.\par
    \par
    He had been taught the use of weapons and enjoyed using them. He enjoyed the power.\par
    \par
    He was snapped from his day dreams by a radio announcement: "All units respond, enemy advancement.." the rest trailed off into static. "useless" he thought, "Anyone with a brain could have seen this coming...still"\par
    He thought he detected movement.\par
    It was like he was a totally different person. He crouched behind rouble and adjusted his scope, all the while charging his rifle. There was indeed movement; a lone man darting across an open area. Keener eyes might have spotted the second figure hidden in the shadows of a back alley, but right now, he was too focused on getting his shot.\par
\par
    The man was running and trying to reach the end of the courtyard but he was burdened with his equipment, and it was clear that he was some sort of novice.\par
    He steadied his rifle and took the shot. One charge, one kill. The man's corpse fell to the ground, another victim, another body, another death; joining the countless others in obscurity.\par
    Again, however, he failed to detect the secondary movement of the other figure, stealthily creeping from cover to cover.\par
\par
    He then realized that his gun was vibrating, informing him that it was low on energy. "no problem" he thought. He reached into his garments to retrieve another cartridge. He fingers touched empty fabric, and then a hole. "Damn, I guess I'll go back to base. Not much is happening here anyway."\par
\par
    With an agility that was surprising from someone of his skeletal stature, he ran and jumped off the building. He landed on his feet with a crunch and took off running through the abandoned alleyways that only he knew of.\par
\par
    Within minutes he found himself at the make shift base, that was their headquarters in the area. Really just a collection of barricades and earthen walls, it provided almost no shelter from the enemy or the environment. However, that was where the ammo was. And that was where he had to go.\par
\par
    He strolled into the base with almost no opposition. He got the idea that even if he had been the enemy, the half-dead sentinels would have not given him much resistance.\par
\par
    Avoiding all other people, especially that bastard commander, he crept into the tent that housed the ammo stores. Boxes of immense size lined the walls. Corridors and entryways were created by their height.\par
    He skimmed down the haphazard collection of ammunition crates until he found the type he was looking for. Empty. He found another. Also empty.\par
    Rather than waste anymore of his time, he grudgingly asked the quartermaster where the ammunititon was. The useless official responded that there was none left.\par
    He cursed the old man and in a rage, walked out of the tent.\par
\par
    He had not gone far however, when an event triggered his combat senses. The event was, of course, an attack.\par
    One of the sentry's head's exploded. Violently.\par
    The others ran inside one of the numerous tents, whose fabric would, although not protect them from bullets, at least hide them from sight.\par
    \par
    At this point, it was clear to him what had happened.\par
    The enemy had drawn their main force out with their main attack, but, at the same time, had dispatched a force to capture the encampment.\par
    Another sentry got shot. The force of the impact was so great, that the bullet went straight through the poor man's body and exploded on the ground near him.\par
\par
    He didn't care though, those men meant nothing to him. There was only himself. And there was only war. He scurried into one of the many abandoned buildings that dotted the city. This one was luck enough to be spared the destruction wrecked upon its brethren.\par
    Keeping away from the windows, he sneaked up to the top floor and hid behind what used to have been a doorway, and was now just a reminder of a better time; a pile of rubble.\par
\par
    He did what he did best. He looked. And looked. A disturbance? A bird... A twitch? A billow of dust? An abnormality? Yes, a...thing. Most likely a rival sniper. He set up his shot carefully, and at the last second...he hesitated. No, he forced his shot off. some subconscious thought, a twitch of the conscience. He cursed his faulty aim and realigned his rifle, eager to finish the act.\par
    The chance came again, a helmet peeped into his field of view. He took the shot on impulse, not bothering to think.\par
    It cost him.\par
    The bright lance from his weapon impacted on the hat and destroyed it.\par
    He realized his fault only a second later, when a counter shot came.\par
    \par
    With deadly precision the bullet sliced through him. He gasped in horror. Two more followed the first, although only one more hit him. He could feel the world slipping away.\par
    "It was bound to happen at some point, my luck ran out. It was me against the world. And damn it, the world won." This resolution comforted him, and he planned on dying at this second, assured in his beliefs.\par
    However, fate had not had its say. In some cruel twist, he was forced to look out on the dying city, and in this last action, he was hit with a vehemence of what he had done.\par
    He acknowledged the people he had killed, the acts he had done, the thoughts that he had harboured. He realized the folly of this conflict, but too late.\par
    His eyes looked out over the battlefield with a glassy film, they looked over the destruction and the carnage, the wanton defilement of good and order. And if some one had come up to see the now dead man, they would have seen eyes that were wet with tears, belonging to a twisted face. A grimace of pure loathing. And maybe, just a little regret.\par
    But no one came, and the body was lost to the dust.    \par
\par
\tab  \par
}
 